---
title: January 31, 2023
sidebar_position: 365
---

## January 31, 2023, DAOLABS Tooling Update

A lot of progress has been made with the DAOLABS platform and in particular the NFT creation tooling. Our goal is to create a seamless experience for creators, communities and crypto-native users to merge the world of NFTs and DAOs by pairing the two powerful crypto technologies into a single experience. We are working on a number of ways to do this, of course, starting with the Juicebox Protocol to create treasuries and NFT creation tools which supports state-of-the-art NFT asset creation workflows from algorithmic [p5.js](https://openprocessing.org/) sketches to audio and video support to PFPs which route proceeds directly to their DAO.

:::info
The current Juicebox themed UX will be replaced with a new brand and design, the functionality will largely remain the same. We are doing this since we use the Juicebox Protocol and given the complexity of the DAO platform we strongly believe that its not in the interest of the crypto community to have so many different types of DAOs, shared treasury platforms, of Gnosis UXs and so on. We will match the Juicebox UX experience when interacting with Juicebox specific treasuries, however the DAOLABS treasuries will share many of the same tools, features, and functionality, but will have additional tools, workflows, and features which we are excited to share in the coming months.
:::

### Export configuration

We think that the workflow for NFT creation is a bit too complex. Within any collection a number of individuals may be involved. The collection creator or curator, the artist or artists, marketing or branding, smart contract developer, and so the opportunities for issues with the collection itself, review of each piece, errors in metadata, and even the owner of the final collection each introduces a new point of failure. The solution? A consistent export and import format so that each participant or contributor can load the collection, view its components, amend and share with the other contributors. This way the individual responsible for the collection deployment can review and even provide teams and communities with options on how collections are deployed. Of course you can configure the collection royalty receiver, the collection proceeds receiver or splits contract or directly with the treasury. Or for curated branded collections or membership collections, each DAO may define how proceeds are routed, distributed or split or each of the parties may import the collection configuration and deploy it themselves, reducing the risk of sharing contract owner keys.

### Downloadable configuration

[MeowsDAO Genesis Collection configuration](https://gateway.pinata.cloud/ipfs/QmaKcdPb6UD6kLBHB4nrxbHkDbUGos2rZYEvsHVxAsmLLg?_gl=1*qw9plr*_ga_5RMPXG14TE*MTY3NTI3NDg2MS4zLjAuMTY3NTI3NDg5Ni4yNS4wLjA.) is demonstrated below with the following walk through.
