---
title: April 11, 2023
sidebar_position: 363
---

## April 11, 2023, General DAO Court Order Analysis

:::info
None of the information, services or materials offered on our Site constitute, and are not intended to constitute, legal, financial, tax, investment or other advice, and you should not act or refrain from acting based on any information, services or materials provided on this Site. All content on our Site is information of a general nature and does not address the unique circumstances of any particular user. You are strongly urged to consult with your own legal, financial, tax, investment and other advisors as to all legal, financial, tax and investment-related questions you have.
:::

**I. Introduction**

The recent Court Order filed on April 11, 2023, in the Putative Class Action Suit against bZx DAO has significant implications for the world of DAOs and decentralized finance. This post will discuss the key takeaways from the court order, including the negligence claim, with the implications of the finding that full upgradeability of smart contracts, where the upgrade key is controlled by a single developer, is a custodial arrangement, and the plausibility of the DAO as a general partnership. This paper aims to provide a brief analysis of the court order and its significance for the future of DAOs.

A. Explanation of the Putative Class Action Suit against bZx DAO

Nineteen plaintiffs filed a putative class action against several defendants, including Kyle Kistner, Tom Bean, bZeroX LLC, Leveragebox LLC, Hashed International LLC, and AGE Crypto GP, LLC, alleging that each defendant is a general partner of the bZx DAO, a Decentralized Autonomous Organization. The plaintiffs claimed to have suffered injuries from the defendants' negligence when a phishing attack successfully targeted a developer working for the bZx DAO and led to the theft of $55 million in cryptocurrency, causing the named plaintiffs to lose $1.7 million. The Leveragebox Defendants moved to dismiss the case for failure to state a claim, lack of personal jurisdiction, and to strike the class allegations. The Hashed Defendants joined the Leveragebox Motion and separately moved to dismiss the case for various reasons. The court granted in part and denied in part the Leveragebox Motion and denied the Hashed Motion, resulting in the dismissal without prejudice of the claims against Tom Bean, bZeroX LLC, and Leveragebox LLC.

**II. Full Upgradeability of Smart Contract as Custodial Arrangement, Which in Part Creates a Duty Between Defendants and Plaintiffs**

A. Definition of Full Upgradeability of Smart Contract

The immutability of data stored on the Ethereum blockchain, including smart contracts, is one of the key features of blockchain technology. However, smart contracts may need to be upgraded to fix bugs, improve functionality, or optimize code. While smart contracts themselves are immutable, a dApp can be designed to have multiple smart contracts operate together, allowing for the upgrade of the pattern of interaction between them. This means that upgrading a smart contract involves swapping it out for a new one rather than modifying the code of the original.

B. Negligence Claim and the Finding of a Special Relationship Between Defendant and Plaintiff

In order to establish negligence under California law, a plaintiff must establish four required elements: (1) duty; (2) breach; (3) causation; and (4) damages. According to the S. Cal. Gas Leak Cases, the general rule in California is that individuals owe a duty of care to avoid causing harm to others and are usually responsible for any harm caused by their negligence. However, plaintiffs generally cannot recover for purely economic losses due to negligence. The primary exception to the economic loss rule is in cases where there is a "special relationship" between the plaintiff and defendant.

In this case, the court considered six factors to determine whether a special relationship exists. These factors are:

1. "the extent to which the transaction was intended to affect the plaintiff," . . .
2. "the foreseeability of harm to the plaintiff,"
3. "the degree of certainty that the plaintiff suffered injury,"
4. "the closeness of the connection between the defendant's conduct and the injury suffered,"
5. "the moral blame attached to the defendant's conduct," and
6. "the policy of preventing future harm."

(J'Aire Corp. v. Gregory, 24 Cal. 3d 799, 804 (1979)).

Here, the bZx protocol had two "products" that they offered to users, with the relevant one here being Fulcrum, which is a "DeFi Margin Lending and Trading Platform." In order to interact with Fulcrum, a user must first connect their wallet via one of the three blockchains that the bZx protocol uses for transactions, and then they are able to deposit cryptocurrency or interact in other ways with the protocol. BZx touted their security features, and claimed that Fulcrum was non-custodial, meaning that the protocol never controlled the user's private keys or assets. The bZx homepage even stated that, "Whether you're a lender or borrower, you stay in control of your keys. Never worry about opaque centralized exchanges getting hacked or stealing your funds."

According to a blog post from an anonymous bZx DAO member, on November 5, 2021, "[a] bZx developer was sent a phishing email to his personal computer with a malicious macro in a Word document that was disguised as a legitimate email attachment, which then ran a script on his Personal Computer. This led to his personal mnemonic wallet phrase being compromised" and that "This attack granted the hacker access to the content of the bZx Developer[']s wallet, and also the private keys to the BSC and Polygon deployment of bZx Protocol. After gaining control of BSC and Polygon, the hacker drained the BSC and Polygon protocol, then upgraded the contract to allow draining of all tokens that the contracts had given unlimited approval."

Based on the above facts, the Court considered the six factors to determine whether a special relationship exists listed above and found that the Defendants owed the Plaintiffs a duty of care because they had a special relationship as the intended beneficiaries of the transaction, lack of security on the bZx Protocol was foreseeable, the injury suffered by the Plaintiffs was certain, there was a close connection between the negligent conduct and the injury, the Defendants made promises of safety, and finding a duty furthers the policy of preventing future harm.

The Leveragebox Defendants tried to argue that the bZx Protocol transactions are "non-custodial" and users have custody of their own assets. However, the court rejects this argument since the Plaintiffs' funds were stolen due to a successful phishing attack on a single bZx developer's computer which held the private upgrade keys for the bZx protocol's smart contracts, making the distinction between custodial and non-custodial irrelevant.

The Leveragebox Defendants then argued that even if they owed Plaintiffs a duty of care, the complaint did not allege facts showing that the Defendants breached that duty. They cited a previous order from the court in the case _Razuki v. Caliber Home Loans, Inc._, stating that Plaintiffs cannot state a claim just by asserting that a hack occurred. However, the Court stated that the Plaintiffs here have alleged breach with more specificity than in the previous case. As stated previously, the complaint alleges that a successful phishing attack on a bZx developer allowed a hacker to gain access to all of the funds supposedly in Plaintiffs' custody, which the Court found rendered the distinction between custodial and non-custodial meaningless. Plaintiffs also alleged that the bZx Protocol made specific assurances about security and failed to implement security measures that would've prevented Plaintiffs' injuries. The Court found that Plaintiffs have stated sufficient factual matter to plausibly allege Defendants breached their duty of care. With that said, this court order is only an order regarding the Defendant's motions, and more clarity and resolution will come surrounding this issue as the case continues to get litigated.

C. Significance of the Court's Finding on Custodial Arrangement

The Court seemingly states that if a single protocol developer holds the update key for the protocol's smart contracts, then the arrangement between the protocol and its users is custodial. It is unclear whether this will also apply to developers using multisigs for updating the smart contracts, but if so, then the use of a multisig in a case like this could still mean that the protocol is custodial, which would then require the protocol to obtain certain licenses and implement certain procedures in order to be in compliance with the law.

**III. DAO as Plausibly Alleged General Partnership**

A. Definition of General Partnership under California Law

California law provides that the "association of two or more persons to carry on as co-owners a business for profit forms a partnership, whether or not the persons intend to form a partnership." Cal. Corp. Code § 16202(a). "Under the Corporations Code, unless persons associated to do business together establish a formal entity like a corporation, the association is deemed to be a partnership regardless of the parties' intent" (_Jones v. Goodman_). Basically, under CA law, whether a partnership exists is simply a question of fact.

B. Arguments for bZx DAO being a General Partnership

To establish the existence of a partnership, a plaintiff must make specific factual allegations showing that the purported partners had the right to participate in the management of the business, shared profits and losses, and contributed money, property, or services to the partnership. Participating in the management of a business is the primary element of a partnership, while profit-sharing is not required but is considered evidence of a partnership. A person who receives a share of the profits of a business is presumed to be a partner.

Plaintiffs allege that bZx DAO generates profits through its margin trading and lending products, Fulcrum and Torque, and the Leveragebox Defendants did not dispute this, therefore the court found that the Plaintiffs sufficiently alleged that the DAO is a partnership. This result may have been different had the DAO taken the proper steps to register itself as a specific type of entity, but the DAO never did so.

Next, the Court examined whether the plaintiffs sufficiently alleged that the BZRX token holders are co-owners of the DAO and found that they are. The plaintiffs claimed that the BZRX token holders control the DAO and have governance rights over it, allowing them to participate in decision-making and propose changes such as hiring, changing policies, and distributing assets. The defendants argued that these rights are too limited to establish a partnership, but the Court disagreed and found that the allegations plausibly show that the BZRX token holders possessed governance rights over the DAO, because "limited governance rights don't divest a partnership of its essential nature—a partnership can still exist when individual partners only control a part of the enterprise."

Lastly, the Plaintiffs alleged that tokenholders could share in the DAO's profits, but the Leveragebox Defendants disputed this characterization and argued that the FAC did not sufficiently allege profit and loss sharing. The Court considered various legal principles and evidence, including the CFTC's findings (which the Court previously judicially noticed) which stated that the "bZx Protocol liquidity pool['s] . . . assets were supplied by liquidity providers who, in exchange, had received interest-generating tokens, as well as BZRX Protocol Tokens ('BZRX Tokens') conferring voting rights on certain matters relevant to bZx Protocol governance." This reinforced the Plaintiff's allegations of profit sharing via voting to distribute treasury assets among themselves, or via the interest-generating token, and the Court ultimately found that the allegation that tokenholders could share profits weighed in favor of treating the DAO as a general partnership. The Leveragebox Defendants also argued that Plaintiffs never agreed to bear any losses, but an agreement to share losses is generally implied unless otherwise was specifically stipulated.

The Leveragebox Defendants argued that recognizing the DAO as a general partnership would be a radical expansion of partnership law, but the Court disagreed given the context of the case and the partners' decision to forgo registering the DAO as an LLC or other legal entity with limited liability. Based on these findings, the Court concluded that the plaintiffs had stated sufficient facts to allege that a general partnership existed among the BZRX tokenholders.

**IV. Conclusion**

All in all, this case is just getting started, and much more clarity will come as the litigation proceeds. With that said, this case already seemingly has some noteworthy implications, and should be considered for anyone operating a DAO or DeFi protocol, or simply even holding a DAO's token. Cases like this will be a net benefit for the DAO and DeFi space because they will provide builders and users with more direction and precedent for how to operate within the space safely and legally.

**V. Resources**

1. [DAO token holders are plausibly liable, judge rules in bZx class action, The Block](https://www.theblock.co/post/223237/bzx-dao-liability-class-action)
2. [bZx DAO Case No. 22-cv-618-LAB-DEB March 27, 2023 Order](/daolabs/blog/pdfs/gov.uscourts.casd.732409.49.0.pdf)
