# Adopt the Governance and Multisig Processes

```
Author: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2022-08-23
```

## Thesis

Adopt the [DAO's Governance Process](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process) and the [DAO Multisig Process](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/multisig), attached hereto as Exhibits A and B.

## Motivation

The DAO requires formal initialization; adopting these processes will:

- establish an agreement between the DAO's Members;
- enable governance utility for the DAO's [NFTs](https://etherscan.io/token/0xdd407a053fa45172079916431d06e8e07f655042);
- grant contributors a voice in the DAO's decision making processes;
- formalize the DAO's ratification of proposals;
- remove all information asymmetry; and,
- serve as a lightning rod with regards to the DAO's legal status, treasury management, budgeting, and more.

Perhaps most importantly, this adoption will bootstrap the development of the DAO's vision.

## Specification

Ratify and adopt the [DAO Governance Process](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process) and the [DAO Multisig Process](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/Multisig).

Update the DAO's [Snapshot spaces](https://snapshot.org/#/snapshot.movedao.eth), [docs](https://gov.move.xyz), [Discord server](https://discord.gg/movexyz), and other relevant resources to reflect these changes.

## Rationale

The Governance Process:

- is simple, unambiguous, and inclusive, inviting wide participation;
- takes place in public. The antithesis of information asymmetry fostering accountability;
- leaves complexity to individual proposals, allowing the DAO to be adaptable. The process can be amended to meet the DAO's needs over time;
- lays the groundwork for expanding the Multisig; and,
- accelerates the DAO's community towards onchain governance.

The Multisig Process:

- is technically superior, cost effective and robust versus non-blockchain corollaries;
- promotes the DAO's deference towards code and smart contracts;
- decentralizes accounting control, traditionally under a single individual's purview, i.e. chief financial officer;
- immune from meatspace accounting shenanigans e.g. [See Exhibit A](https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/2022-114);
- prioritizes community and contributors participation; and,
- requires continual evaluation of expansion and succession planning by Multisig participants.

Both processes individually and in tandem are superior to traditional inefficiencies with meatspace governance, in addition to cronyism, nepotism, and forms of information asymmetry without sacrificing safety, security, or efficiency. Instead, the above processes are dispassionate and seek to reduce trust between the parties. The Service Provider, dao-lawfirm.eth, will ensure the DAO's interests remain prophylactic.

## Risks

- These processes rely on the sound distribution of NFTs, as well as diverse Multisig Membership.
- Poor decision making, non-constructive feedback, bad proposals, and lopsided participation could lead to poor outcomes.
- Proposals may take several weeks to pass, meaning the DAO must delegate day-to-day complexities.
- While purposeful, the proposal process has high thresholds, meaning only well-liked proposals will pass.
- Errors in decision making and coordinated malicious behavior by Multisig Members could yield catastrophic outcomes.
- Both processes inherits known weaknesses in democracy, herd mentality, illogical emotional behaviors, financial motivations fueled by greed, vote trading and other governance fragmentation risks.
- Unforeseen complexities with diametrically opposed views, interests, and motivations between the DAO's diverse or concentrated Membership.
- Numerous force majeure or geopolitical events, systemic existential crisis, widespread health and economic calamities each could further destabilize the DAO's governance and Multisig processes.

## Timeline

After this proposal is ratified via Snapshot vote in the DAO's [Consensus Space](https://snapshot.org/#/snapshot.movedao.eth), it should be remain in effect, only to be removed when superseded or amended by another proposal.

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the [Governance Process](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process) is hereby adopted.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the [Multisig Process](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/Multisig) is hereby adopted.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the DAO's [Snapshot Spaces](https://snapshot.org/#/snapshot.movedao.eth) and other resources must be updated to reflect these changes.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the **Service Providers** of the DAO are each authorized and empowered to take any and all such further action, to execute and deliver any and all such further agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and to pay such expenses, in the name and on behalf of the DAO, as any of each of the **Service Providers** may deem necessary or advisable to effectuate the purposes and intent of the resolutions hereby adopted, the taking of such actions, the execution and delivery of such agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and the payment of such expenses by any such **Service Providers** to be conclusive evidence of his or her authorization hereunder and the approval thereof.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That any and all actions taken by the **Service Providers** of the DAO to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions prior to their adoption are approved, ratified and confirmed. As used in this document, the words "herein," "hereof," "hereby" and "hereunder" shall refer to this document as a whole, and not to any particular section, provision, or subdivision of this document.

This action by the DAO Member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO Members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

#### Authors

1. [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39)
2. [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
