# Notice to Contributors of Questionnaire

```
Authors: benreed.eth
Date: 2023-01-04
```

This [Emergency Proposal](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process/#emergency-governance) has been created to affirm [DAO Multisig](https://gnosis-safe.io/app/eth:0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6/)[^1] Signer support of the items proposed below. **By voting affirmatively, Signers are explicitly approving the proposed items.**

## Thesis

To ensure Movement DAO's members and contributors are aware of important DAO Terms of Service, Policies, and certain amendment considerations; the Authorized Members have created a questionnaire to be completed by contributors. The questionnaire is intended to provide the DAO with information to help with its efforts in allocating resources and how to better inform DAO members of these decisions in the future.

## Motivation

The DAO has stated through its online materials and governance certain allocations of capital which it seeks to receive community feedback. In an effort to reach the widest audience of members and support the continued ethos of governance transparency, this governance Notice/Proposal seeks to ensure multiple avenues of communication are exploited in order to provide the DAO with accurate member and contributor feedback.

## Specification

DAO members and contributors are hereby notified and directed to fill out the [Movement DAO Contributor questionnaire](https://form.typeform.com/to/jvA6h8Kj).

## Rationale

The questionnaire was created for the following reasons:

- To learn more about each contributor;
- To inform DAO contributors of important Terms of Service, Policies, and amendment considerations;
- To solicit feedback from DAO members and contributors;
- To provide multiple avenues of communication on important updates concerning the DAO; and
- To ensure the DAO's Authorized Members and Service Provider act in accordance with the will of the DAO.

## Risks

- Frequently invoking [Emergency Governance](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process/) risks alienating DAO members.
- There could be better avenues of communication.
- Member participation in the questionnaire could be limited.
- Feedback could be inconclusive and provide little consensus on the will of the DAO.

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the DAO broadly solicited input from its members and contributors through governance notices via Snapshot;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Service Providers (including Authorized Member and Secretary **benreed.eth**), in accordance with commensurate powers, are authorized to execute and deliver any agreement in the name of the DAO and to otherwise obligate the DAO with respect to the purpose of the DAO, within general guidelines and budgets approved by the Members; however, Actions by the DAO Snapshot Consensus by the Members may enact specific limitations on the authority of the Service Provider from time to time.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** **That any and all actions taken by the Service Providers to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions prior to their adoption are approved, ratified and confirmed.**

This action by the DAO Member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO Members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

#### Author(s)

1. [0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c)

---

[^1]: The Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
