# Approve Launch of DAOLABS Beta Services

```
Authors: benreed.eth, tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2023-01-03
```

*This [Emergency Proposal](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process/#emergency-governance) has been created to affirm [DAO Multisig](https://gnosis-safe.io/app/eth:0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6/) Signer support of the changes proposed below. **By voting affirmatively, Signers are explicitly approving the proposed changes.***

## Beta Launch Overview

The tentative proposed multi-stage roll-out of the following product features as follows:

1. Deploy a Juicebox-compatible treasury platform which accepts DAI (details to follow).
2. Create a Juicebox treasury which certain fees will be routed to.
3. Deploy BETA NFT creation tooling for Web3 creators.
4. Deploy BETA DAO-KIT legal resource for DAO builders.

## Motivation

In preparation for the beta launch of the DAOLABS application and services, the development team wants to ensure sufficient resources to launch and continue running the application.

## Background

### Prior Work

Movement DAO was created to build a platform for tokenized communities to govern contributions. So far, Movement DAO has worked towards this goal by:

1. Prototyping a treasury platform using OpenLaw's Tribute Framework.
2. Prototyping a treasury platform using the Juicebox Protocol.
3. Participating in JuiceboxDAO to better understand Web3 dynamics.
4. Researching legal theories and frameworks for DAOs and their treasury management.
5. Prototyping and building expertise within the NFT creation space.
6. Developing a beta DAO-KIT legal resource for community builders.
7. Developing a beta NFT creation tooling for creators.
8. Developing Juicebox Protocol extensions and tooling for use towards Movement DAO's goals.

A great deal of exploratory code has been developed, some of which is available on GitHub:

1. A [Juicebox interface](https://github.com/DAOLABS-WTF/juice-interface-svelte) implemented in [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/). Svelte is a compiled user interface framework which we believe is easier to understand and more cost-effective to maintain than alternatives like React — its users include Apple Music, Spotify, Ikea, The New York Times, and Brave Search. This code serves as our primary baseline for further UX development: our goal was to quickly build up a tool set of DAO applications and services by expanding the current Juicebox Project management interface.
2. [Treasury and NFT Tooling Smart Contracts](https://github.com/DAOLABS-WTF/juice-contracts-v3). These Solidity smart contracts extend the Juicebox protocol, adding support for English/Dutch NFT auctions, creating NFT collections, stablecoin deposits and withdrawals, dynamic on-chain role management, payment processing, token liquidation, vesting schedules, and more.
3. [DAO-KIT](https://daolabs-docs.on.fleek.co/). These Legal resources guide project creators through the process of incorporating a legal entity, establishing their operating principles, and managing ongoing filing requirements, as well as engagements, settlements, terms of service, and other documents. It automatically generates legal documents using pre-built templates, and includes resources for startups, such as capitalization table and headcount calculators.
4. [NFT Creation Tooling](https://daolabs-nft-tooling.on.fleek.co/user/?tab=3&network=mainnet). A comprehensive tool for creating NFTs and enriching communities.
5. [Wallet Services](https://identity-develop.web.app/). A robust Web3 wallet system which (i) manages multiple wallets, (ii) enables logins with Google, Email, and other common services, (iii) integrates with third-party backup services, (iv) integrates with Gnosis Safe, and (v) integrates fiat on-ramp and off-ramp services, among other features.

### Branding

Our Treasury system uses the Juicebox Protocol as a foundation. We have reimplemented its Web3 components in Svelte using Juicebox branding, but we are not deploying a Juicebox clone. We are currently working on a new brand for Movement DAO via DAOLABS — once our new brand is developed, we will redesign the UI and remove references to Juicebox (except for noting that we are compatible with the Protocol and that our NFT products natively recognize Juicebox Treasuries). In the meantime, new deployments will continue to use the juicebox.wtf domain and some Juicebox branding.

## Specification

The [DAO Multisig](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/multisig)[^1] shall transfer 10 ETH and 12,200 DAI to the [Developer Multisig](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD).[^2]

The Developer Multisig shall then transfer:

- 5 ETH to the newly created native Juicebox treasury,
- 5 ETH to the new Beta Juicebox Treasury, and
- 12,200 DAI to the new DAI registry.

These allocations will be administered by **benreed.eth**, **tankbottoms.eth**, or **jimmyethworld.eth**, with oversight from the DAO's Service Provider, **dao-lawfirm.eth**.

## Risks

- Frequently invoking [Emergency Governance](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process/) risks alienating DAO members.
- A Juicebox Protocol DAI terminal has not been deployed before.
- Software development is a risky endeavor.
- These funds may not be ideally distributed.
- These funds may be more useful later on.
- Market instability in and outside of crypto could continue, or get worse.

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the DAO Multisig transfer of 10 ETH and 12,200 dollars worth of ETH or DAI to the Developer Multisig, to thereafter be respectively distributed to Movement DAO's Native/Beta Juicebox treasuries and DAI registry, is hereby adopted and approved;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That each Service Provider, Authorized Member, and agent of the DAO is hereby jointly and severally authorized to do any act, matter, or thing, and to execute and deliver any other document as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding specification, and other sections herein, or any related documents, and to perform or resolve the obligations of the DAO, or its affiliates.

**RESOLVED FURTHER: That any and all actions taken by the Service Providers to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions prior to their adoption are approved, ratified and confirmed.**

This action by the DAO Member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO Members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

#### Authors

1. [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
2. [0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c)
3. [0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39)

[^1]: The DAO Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
[^2]: The Developer Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
