# Approve Authorized Members to Retain Further Legal Counsel

```
Authors: benreed.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2023-01-03
```

*This [Emergency Proposal](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process/#emergency-governance) has been created to affirm [DAO Multisig](https://gnosis-safe.io/app/eth:0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6/) Signer support of the changes proposed below. **By voting affirmatively, Signers are explicitly approving the proposed changes.***

## Thesis

The DAO's Authorized Members and its Service Provider would like to retain legal counsel regarding the DAO's outstanding legal agreements, including the [GitBook](https://daolabs-docs.on.fleek.co/daolabs/policies/move-gitbook-excerpts.md), the [Terms of Service](https://daolabs-docs.on.fleek.co/daolabs/policies/move-terms-of-service.md), and several proposed amendments, while also seeking feedback from the community to ensure that the DAO and its members are acting in accordance with the law.

Estimates suggest that a 50,000 DAI budget will be sufficient to retain appropriate legal counsel for this purpose.

## Specification

The [DAO Multisig](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/multisig)[^1] shall transfer 50,000 DAI to the [Developer Multisig](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD).[^2]

The Authorized Members and the Service Provider will administer this distribution and have the authority to make relevant decisions when executing this proposal.

## Rationale

Before implementing any operational or structural changes — specifically those which affect the DAO treasury — the Authorized Members would like to receive legal counsel to ensure full compliance with the law while maintaining full transparency.

## Risks

- Frequently invoking [Emergency Governance](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process/) risks alienating DAO members.
- This proposal's specification is open-ended, and relies on the sound judgement of the Authorized Members and the Service Provider.
- These funds may be more useful later on.
- Instability in the crypto and financial markets could continue or get worse.

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the transfer of 50,000 DAI from the DAO Multisig to the Developer Multisig is hereby adopted and approved;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That each Service Provider, Authorized Member, and agent of the DAO is hereby jointly and severally authorized to do any act, matter, or thing, and to execute and deliver any other document as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding specification, and other sections herein, or any related documents, and to perform or resolve the obligations of the DAO, or its affiliates.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Service Providers (including Authorized Member and Secretary **benreed.eth**), in accordance with commensurate powers, are authorized to execute and deliver any agreement in the name of the DAO and to otherwise obligate the DAO with respect to the purpose of the DAO, within general guidelines and budgets approved by the Members; however, Actions by the DAO Snapshot Consensus by the Members may enact specific limitations on the authority of the Service Provider from time to time.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Service Providers be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and empowered to take any and all such further action, to execute and deliver any and all such further agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and to pay such expenses, in the name and on behalf of the DAO, existing affiliates entities, contemplated affiliate entities, or such an Authorized Member, as any such Authorized Member may deem necessary or advisable to effectuate the purposes and intent of the resolutions hereby adopted, the taking of such actions, the execution and delivery of such agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and the payment of such expenses by any such Authorized Member to be conclusive evidence of his or her authorization hereunder and the approval thereof.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** **That any and all actions taken by the Service Providers to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions prior to their adoption are approved, ratified and confirmed.**

This action by the DAO Member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO Members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

#### Authors

1. [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
2. [0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c)
3. [0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39)

[^1]: The DAO Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
[^2]: The Developer Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
