# Pay Deferred Service Provider Fees From 2022

```
Authors: benreed.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2023-01-03
```

*This [Emergency Proposal](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process/#emergency-governance) has been created to affirm [DAO Multisig](https://gnosis-safe.io/app/eth:0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6/) Signer support of the changes proposed below. **By voting affirmatively, Signers are explicitly approving the proposed changes.***

## Thesis

dao-lawfirm.eth acted as the DAO's Service Provider throughout 2022, providing legal and custodial services to the DAO. In good faith, dao-lawfirm.eth deferred their [Service Provider Fee](https://daolabs-docs.on.fleek.co/daolabs/policies/gitbook/README.md#fees-and-expenses)[^1], equal to 2% of assets under management per annum. This fee was originally to be paid on or about February 2nd, 2022.

## Specification

The [DAO Multisig](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/multisig)[^2] shall transfer 334,487 DAI to the [Developer Multisig](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD).[^3] The Developer Multisig will then transfer the relevent funds to dao-lawfirm.eth.

### Service Provider Fee

The following represents the Service Provider Fee the DAO has agreed to pay dao-lawfirm.eth for treasury oversight, governance, and expense/payout management.

| Date       | Description          | Amount Incurred | Amount Paid | Amount Deferred | Treasury Balance |
| ---------- | -------------------- | --------------- | ----------- | --------------- | ---------------- |
| 2022-01-01 | Service Provider Fee | 334,487 DAI     | 0 DAI       | 334,487 DAI     | $16,724,383.92   |

### Utilization

The Authorized Members **benreed.eth** and **jimmyethworld.eth** have reviewed the relevant information and confirmed that this proposal accords with the DAO's agreement with the Service Provider, **dao-lawfirm.eth**.

## Risks

- Frequently invoking [Emergency Governance](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/process/) risks alienating DAO members.
- This might not be the most efficient way to accomplish the DAO's goals.

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the DAO Multisig transfer of 334,487 DAI to the Developer Multisig (hereinafter, "Payout of the Service Provider Fee") is hereby adopted and approved;

**FURTHER RESOLVED:** That the Developer Multisig shall transfer 334,487 DAI to the account specified by the Service Provider and that the Authorized Members are authorized to pay and reimburse expenses associated with any additional expenses of the DAO and the DAO's affiliate entities, including without limitation expenses incurred prior to the formation and/or incorporation of the entities.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That Authorized Members and agents of the DAO are hereby jointly and severally authorized to do any act, matter, or thing, and to execute and deliver any other document as they may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding specification, and other sections herein, or any related documents, and to perform or resolve the obligations of the DAO, or its affiliates.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Authorized Members (including and specifically Member and Secretary **benreed.eth**), in accordance with commensurate powers, are authorized to execute and deliver any agreement in the name of the DAO and to otherwise obligate the DAO with respect to the purpose of the DAO, within general guidelines and budgets approved by the Members; however, Actions by the DAO Snapshot Consensus by the Members may enact specific limitations on the authority of the Service Provider from time to time.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Authorized Members be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and empowered to take any and all such further action, to execute and deliver any and all such further agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and to pay such expenses, in the name and on behalf of the DAO, existing affiliates entities, contemplated affiliate entities, or such an Authorized Member, as any such Authorized Member may deem necessary or advisable to effectuate the purposes and intent of the resolutions hereby adopted, the taking of such actions, the execution and delivery of such agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and the payment of such expenses by any such Authorized Member to be conclusive evidence of his or her authorization hereunder and the approval thereof.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** **That any and all actions taken by the Authorized Members to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions prior to their adoption are approved, ratified and confirmed.**

This action by the DAO Member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO Members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

#### Authors

1. [0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c)
2. [0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39)

[^1]: The Service Provider, [Fees and Expenses](https://daolabs-docs.on.fleek.co/daolabs/policies/gitbook/README.md#fees-and-expenses) as outlined in Original Gitbook Policies, Let's start a movement post, dated 2/2/2022.
[^2]: The DAO Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
[^3]: The Developer Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
