# Proposal for Outstanding Operational Expense Payouts

```
Authors: benreed.eth
Date: 2023-01-31
```

## Thesis

The DAO incurs monthly expenses in the form of developer payouts and operational expenses such as software and hosting services, merchandise, professional services, and other miscellaneous expense. Since December 2022 the DAO has yet to disperse payment for the development team's payouts and has depended on the personal contributions from Authorized Members, benreed.eth and tankbottoms.eth, to cover ongoing operational expenses. To sustain product development and continue to ensure the DAO's IRL business accounts remain in good standing, the DAO needs to disperse funds for outstanding payouts and operational expenses for the months of December 2022 and January 2023.

## Specification

The [Gnosis Multi-sig](https://gnosis-safe.io/app/eth:0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6/)[^1] shall transfer `DAI 511,794` and `ETH 41.007` (ETH amount subject to change depending on ETH price at time of transfer), to the [Developer Multisig](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD)[^2].

The Authorized Members will transfer and distribute the relevant funds to reimburse the appropriate members and banking institutions for settlement of all accounts.

### Outstanding Expenses

The table below outlines payouts required from the DAO for expenses incurred from December 2022 through January 2023:

| Category                    | Description                        | Amount (DAI) | Amount (ETH) |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | :----------- | :----------: |
| Developer Payouts           | 2 months of developer payouts      | DAI 431,500  |      -       |
| Software & Hosting Services | Google Domains, AWS, Fleek, etc.   | DAI 10,070   |      -       |
| Merchandise                 | Supplies, hardware, etc.           | DAI 12,393   |      -       |
| Miscellaneous               | Transaction and bank fees, etc.    | DAI 2,678    |      -       |
| Professional Services       | Business, Accounting, and Security | DAI 3,738    |      -       |
| Travel & Expenses           | Developer team onsite              | DAI 4,415    |      -       |
| Member Reimbursements       | 0x5d95...d27e and 0xa4e6...931c    | DAI 47,000   |  ETH 41.007  |

The total payout for DAO operations in December 2022 and January 2023 was `DAI 511,794` and `ETH 41.007`.

## Rationale

Prompt payment for developer payouts and operational expenses ensure that the DAO continues to conduct itself professionally, avoid any potential delay in ongoing development, and prevents the DAO from incurring additional fees and/or debts.

## Risks

- Failure to pay expenses harms the reputation and good standing of the DAO and it Authorized Members.
- Failure to pay expenses has the potential to expose the DAO to additional fees and/or debts.
- These funds may not be ideally distributed.
- These funds may be more useful later on.

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the DAO Multisig transfer of `DAI 511,794` and `ETH 41.007` to the Developer Multisig (hereinafter, "Payout of Outstanding Expenses") is hereby adopted and approved;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Developer Multisig shall transfer `DAI 511,794` and `ETH 41.007` to the accounts specified by benreed.eth and tankbottoms.eth, and that the Authorized Members are authorized to pay and reimburse expenses incurred for outstanding developer services and operational expenses incurred by the DAO or the DAO's affiliate entity during the month of December 2022 and January 2023.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Authorized Members convened and are hereby jointly and severally authorized to take any and all actions, along with executing or signing any cryptocurrency transactions, and executing and delivering any other documents, agreements, instruments, and/or certificates as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding resolution, and other resolutions herein, or any related documents. This also includes authorization to perform or resolve the obligations of the DAO, and/or its affiliates.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** **That any and all actions taken by the Authorized Members to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions prior to their adoption are approved, ratified, and confirmed.**

This action by the Authorized Members shall be effective as of the date the DAO receives the consent of its Members via the Snapshot vote. This action by the Authorized Members may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

#### Authors

1. [0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c)

[^1]: The DAO Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
[^2]: The Developer Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
