# Emergency Proposal to Consolidate Crypto Pursuant to Court Order

```
Authors: benreed.eth
Date: 2023-03-06
```

## Thesis

This Emergency Proposal has been created to confirm the Movement community and Authorized Member's support of the following actions. By voting affirmatively, Members are explicitly approving the proposed actions.

Authorized Members **tankbottoms.eth[^1]** and **benreed.eth[^2]** recently had a complaint (Case No. 23-cv-20727) filed against them by Ryan Breslow[^3], Alex Fine[^4], and Jon Gordon[^5] ("Plaintiffs") in the Southern District Court of Florida. Plaintiffs were part of the founding team of Movement DAO, and operated anonymously within the community. Plaintiffs were granted an Emergency Ex Parte Temporary Restraining Order ("TRO") against **tankbottoms.eth** and **benreed.eth**. The TRO requires **tankbottoms.eth** and **benreed.eth** to unwind certain Movement transactions. **Tankbottoms.eth** and **benreed.eth**, through counsel, intend to challenge the TRO, and seek clarification concerning the TRO.

## Motivation

**Tankbottoms.eth** and **benreed.eth**, through their counsel, **the Dhillon Law Firm**, intend to show the Court the issuance of the TRO was inappropriate, and will seek to lift all restrictions imposed by the TRO. However, in the interim, **tankbottoms.eth** and **benreed.eth** would like to demonstrate good faith compliance with the TRO, including unwinding certain past transactions by making the transfers specified below. The TRO may extend to certain other transfers, which counsel is identifying and indexing, and may be subject to further proposals. The Authorized Members still want to ensure that all Movement operations and activity that occur while this Complaint is being resolved abide by the DAO's governance outlined in the Guiding Principles, and associated governance materials.

## Specification

1. The Authorized Members will consolidate `4,217.951 DAI` and `722.69 ETH` from the **developer.movedao.eth** wallet to the **gnosis.movedao.eth** wallet.
2. **Benreed.eth** will transfer `148.53 ETH` from **benreed.eth** to the **gnosis.movedao.eth** wallet.
3. Both **developer.movedao.eth** and **benreed.eth** will retain `1 ETH` for any gas fees associated with this and future transactions.

The transfers **will not** serve as an acknowledgement of any culpability or liability on behalf of the Authorized Members, but simply are required pursuant to the TRO.

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That it is in the best interest of the DAO for the Authorized Members and **benreed.eth**, with support from legal counsel, to move `4,217.951 DAI` and `722.69 ETH` from the **developer.movedao.eth** wallet to the **gnosis.movedao.eth** wallet, and to move `148.53 ETH` from **benreed.eth** to the **gnosis.movedao.eth** wallet;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That each Authorized Member and agent of the DAO is hereby jointly and severally authorized to do any act, matter, or thing, and to execute and deliver any other document as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding specification, and other sections herein, or any related documents.

This action by the DAO Members by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the majority vote cast or at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO Members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

#### Authors

1. [0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c)

[^1]: **tankbottoms.eth** is the ENS of Mark Phillips.
[^2]: **benreed.eth** is the ENS of Benjamin Reed.
[^3]: **Ryan Breslow** employs the Ethereum address of `0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57`.
[^4]: **Alex Fine** employs the Ethereum addresses of `jamesbarrie.eth`, `0x211be2dDC09c482B27Ed780A710b18d8Cb76328E`, `0xDe10F01e3f9bF288eF7A91cb4744B4AF3F2797F0`, and `0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498`.
[^5]: **Jonathan Gordon** employs the Ethereum addresses of `jimmyethworld.eth`, `0x58Ba373d9eE46ED5402a6A15fE9CcADc67dE1650`, and `0xb44A14dEcD9270E34E2dDaff4CD8690a2Cb88461`.