# Proposal Regarding the Service Provider Fee Payout From 2022

```
Authors: benreed.eth
Date: 2023-01-31
```

## Thesis

Dao-lawfirm.eth acted as the DAO's Service Provider throughout 2022, providing legal and custodial services to the DAO. In good faith, dao-lawfirm.eth deferred their [Service Provider Fee](https://move.xyz/daolabs/policies/gitbook/README.md#fees-and-expenses)[^1], which was equal to 2% of assets under management per annum. This fee was originally to be paid on or around February 2nd, 2022. Now dao-lawfirm.eth, in alignment with their resignation as Service Provider to Movement, has decided to relinquish their rights to the deferred fee that they were owed.

With that said, the core Movement team has found it instrumental to have a Service Provider or attorney engaged to help facilitate the legal and accounting activities, as well as the membership agreements with the Movement application. Furthermore, a Service Provider or attorney(s) will be a great resource in aiding Movement users seeking to streamline entity registration. Juicebox protocol and their community found significant value in the Movement legal tooling forms available online, and we would like to further refine these forms and better integrate them with Juicebox treasury creation workflows. Therefore, Movement will respect dao-lawfirm.eth's decision to resign, and the Authorized Members along with the Movement community will determine the DAO's next steps in regard to retaining a new Service Provider and/or attorney(s), for the reasons just stated.

## Specification

The [DAO Multisig](https://move.xyz/daolabs/daos/move/governance/multisig.md)[^2] shall transfer `DAI 334,487` to the [Developer Multisig](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD).[^3] The Developer Multisig will then hold these funds in escrow until the Authorized Members and the community determine the DAO's next steps in regard to retaining a new Service Provider, and the DAO has sufficient grounds for moving these funds.

### Service Provider Fee

The following represents the amount owed by the DAO to dao-lawfirm.eth for the Service Provider fee which included providing services such as: treasury oversight, governance, and expense/payout management.

| Date       | Description          | Treasury Balance | Amount Incurred | Amount Paid | Amount Deferred |
| :--------- | :------------------- | :--------------: | :-------------: | :---------: | :-------------: |
| 2022-01-01 | Service Provider Fee |  $16,724,383.92  |   DAI 334,487   |    DAI 0    |   DAI 334,487   |

### Utilization

The Authorized Members, benreed.eth and tankbottoms.eth, have reviewed the relevant information and confirmed that this proposal accords with the DAO's agreement with the Service Provider, dao-lawfirm.eth.

## Risks

- Certain members acting in bad faith may continue to damage the DAO's reputation.
- This might not be the most efficient way to accomplish the DAO's goals.

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the DAO Multisig transfer of `DAI 334,487` to the Developer Multisig (hereinafter, "Payout of the Service Provider Fee") is hereby adopted and approved;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Developer Multisig shall hold `DAI 334,487` in escrow until the Authorized Members and the community determine the DAO's next steps in regard to retaining a new Service Provider, and the DAO has sufficient grounds for moving these funds. The Authorized Members are authorized to pay and reimburse expenses associated with any additional expenses of the DAO and the DAO's affiliate entities, including without limitation, expenses incurred prior to the formation and/or incorporation of the entities.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Authorized Members convened and are hereby jointly and severally authorized to take any and all actions, along with executing or signing any cryptocurrency transactions, and executing and delivering any other documents, agreements, instruments, and/or certificates as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding resolution, and other resolutions herein, or any related documents. This also includes authorization to perform or resolve the obligations of the DAO, and/or its affiliates.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** **That any and all actions taken by the Authorized Members to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions prior to their adoption are approved, ratified, and confirmed.**

This action by the Authorized Members shall be effective as of the date the DAO receives the consent of its Members via the Snapshot vote. This action by the Authorized Members may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

#### Authors

1. [0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c)

[^1]: The Service Provider, [Fees and Expenses](https://move.xyz/daolabs/policies/gitbook/README.md#fees-and-expenses) as outlined in Original Gitbook Policies, Let's start a movement post, dated 2/2/2022.
[^2]: The DAO Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
[^3]: The Developer Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
