# Proposal for a Limited Waiver of the Attorney-Client Privilege and Attorney Work Product Doctrine with the Law Firm of Reed Yurchak

```
Authors: benreed.eth and tankbottoms.eth
Date: 2023-03-14
```

This Emergency Proposal has been created to confirm the Movement community and Authorized Member's support of the following actions. By voting affirmatively, Members are explicitly approving the proposed actions.

## Thesis

Authorized Members **tankbottoms.eth** and **benreed.eth** recently had a complaint filed against them by Ryan Breslow, Alex Fine, and Jon Gordon ("Plaintiffs") in the Southern District Court of Florida. Plaintiffs were part of the founding team of Movement DAO, and operated anonymously within the community. Plaintiffs have filed a motion for a preliminary injunction ("PI") against **tankbottoms.eth** and **benreed.eth**, whose counsel is now preparing a response to this motion. Part of the Authorized Member's response to this motion will include discussion of materials that may be subject to attorney-client privilege and the attorney work product doctrine, namely emails involving the Law Office of Reed Yurchak (the “Firm”), a law firm who Movement engaged directly, and discussions of the work the Firm performed for Movement. Thus, the Authorized Members propose that Movement waive the attorney-client privilege and attorney work product doctrine with respect to certain communications and documents related to the Firm, for the purpose of proving that the Firm did work for Movement in their opposition to the PI motion.

## Motivation

**Tankbottoms.eth** and **benreed.eth** feel that including these communications between Movement and the Firm will strengthen their opposition to Plaintiff's motion for a PI.

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** Movement will institute a limited waiver of the attorney-client privilege and attorney work product doctrine with the Firm;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That each Authorized Member and agent of the DAO is hereby jointly and severally authorized to do any act, matter, or thing, and to execute and deliver any other document as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding resolution, and other sections herein, or any related documents.

This action by the DAO Members by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO Members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

#### Authors

1. [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
2. [0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA4e6C2B6264652444B3F0cc1bB37496AE916931c)
